[EDU-474] Data Studios doc audit (#407)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.3/getting-started/proteinfold.mdx

</details>

## Interactive analysis with Studios

> [Studios](../studios/index.mdx) streamlines the process of creating interactive analysis environments for Platform users. With built-in templates for platforms like Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, and VSCode, creating a data studio is as simple as adding and sharing pipelines or datasets. The Studio URL can also be shared with any user with the [Connect role](../orgs-and-teams/roles.mdx) for real-time access and collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Studios](../studios/index.mdx) streamlines the process of creating interactive analysis environments for Platform users. With built-in templates for platforms like Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, and VS Code, creating a data studio is as simple as adding and sharing pipelines or datasets. The Studio URL can also be shared with any user with the [Connect role](../orgs-and-teams/roles.mdx) for real-time access and collaboration.
```
